
              Write a blog on the Difference between document and window objects.


                                   Document Object

1. The document object represent a web page that is loaded in the browser.
2. By accessing the document object, we can access the element in the HTML page.
3. With the help of document objects, we can add dynamic content to our web page. 
4. Document is the child of window which represents the html file produced by browser.
5. Documents has some properties which contains title, URL, cookies, cache, etc.

Syntax:

document.property_name;


                                     Window Object

1. The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. 
2. It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. 
3. Whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document,
the window object is created. 
4. It is the main Javascript object root. 
5. It is the global object in a browser to access the benefits or functions particularly to 
a window.

Syntax:

window.property_name;


                                    Window Vs Document: 

1. Document represents any HTML document or web page that is loaded in the browser whereas 
windows represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage.


2. Document is loaded inside the window while window is the very first object that is loaded 
in the browser.


3. All the tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document. Global objects, 
functions, and variables of JavaScript are members of the window object.


4. We can access the document from a window using the (window. document) while we can access 
the window from the window only. i.e. window.window.


5. The document is part of BOM (browser object model) and DOM (Document object model) but the
window is part of BOM, not DOM.


6. Properties of document objects such as title, body, cookies, etc can also be accessed by a 
window like this window. document.title and properties of the window object cannot be 
accessed by the document object.


7. example:  document.title :  will return the title of the document,
             window.innerHeight : will return the height of the content area of the browser.
